idea for clinging to underside of the mount and using it as a shield
idea for an ability that provides a bonus after using a "command" (party option) on a mount. This also serves a design purpose, that of reinforcing the player's awareness that you can do this sort of thing. Well, that design purpose is negated by the fact that commands are now learnt talents, but I still like the basic idea.

Spider

ICONS
	Sketch designs for *everything*

COMMANDS
	COMMAND TALENTS THAT DON'T GO OFF WHILE RIDING 
	Expend energy when used

POLISH AND TIDY UP:
	"#Source# is knocked from #target#!"
	Make mounted abilities use the mount's attack voice samples when used
	Get a solid tactical function array in place for each ability, you might need a function to check if the mount is mounted or not.
	Move algorithmic stuff (like that found in the wolf talents) into a separate location. Talent files shouldn't be a place where you find lots of horrific number work
	Add move anims to all rush-like effects, plus Steamroller compatibility

CHALLENGE THE WILDS (for post-release)
	Make it decide on animal type to summon

LINKED EFFECTS
	Probably impement some kind of cross-actor effect linking (for things like the retaliatory psibeam)

FEARS FUNCTION WHILE RIDING
IDEA (and this is extremely ridiculous)
	When the player attempts to move and is riding instead it sends a command to the mount, and a stash of new energy with which it can perform this action. Only when the mount successfully moves is the rider taken along with it.


----Community ideas!----
grayswandir76: If an enemy heavily wounds you (>40%-20% max life), they get a two turn debuff. If you kill them with this on, you get a massive heal and an area-wide fear effect.

grayswandir76: Passive: Whenever you deal a melee hit, any enemy that has less than that much life within radius X must pass a mental save or die. :)

grayswandir76: Whenever you deal a melee hit, any enemy that has less than that much life within radius X must pass a mental save or die. :)

--Starting Artefact!--

Hunter's Horn
When you have Challenge the Wilds activated, gain a +5 bonus to attack, physical, mental and spell power.

OR MAYBE... some kind of defensive benefit? e.g.



At all other times, your beast gains a +5 bonus to attack, physical, mental and spell power.

Ideas spawned in a long car journey from Cornwall:
	AFFINITYNIMAL AFFINITY-
		share things like:
			attack

		grant things like
			confusion resist
			fear resist
			mind resist
	TWIN THREAT-
		talent granted could instead be a party command
	SUBDUE THE BEAST-
		remove infusion bonus, give it at levels 20 / 30
	LIVING SHIELD-
		consider having a "drag target to square" option
	UNCANNY TENACITY-
		FINISH what you have started - proc the effect
	SCUTTLE-
		should knock back foes 1-2 squares perpendicular to the line and reduce damage
	DRIPPING WITH VENOM / NUMBING ICHOR-
		should be merged
	NEW TALENT
		either a biting fangs attack or a strong passive
	COBWEB
		should perform scuttle on enemies in range (maybe sans knockback?)

------------------------
Stat usage: 

CHALLENGE THE WILDS

Willpower:
	Reduce loyalty lost as the mount suffers damage (currently %d per 10 life)
	Reduce cost of loyalty-using abilities (current discount: %d%%)

Cunning:
	Mount damage scales with 60%% of mount Strength and 60%% of owner's Cunning
	Mount regains %d Loyalty on kill

ANIMAL AFFINITY
	Increase mount's accuracy by %d%% of owner accuracy
	Increase mount defense by %d%% of owner defense
	Increase mount mental save by %d%% of owner  mental save

------------------------
What's in store for Outriders v1.0?

The ability to tame giant spiders and wild drakes of 5 seperate energy types!
Mounted character artwork
More Loyalty effects (disobedience will need to be taken seriously!)
2 new unlockable trees, one for long-range skirmish tactics, the other granting devastating cavalry charge attacks!
Gruesome sound effects for Barbarous Combat, Dreadful Onset, and all beast attacks
New, improved and redesigned talents - all based on your feedback!
True, multi-character tile handling

Meanwhile, bugs, typos and balance issues will be "hotfixed" out of the v0.0 release
I'll also add, before v1.0 proper:
	Better AI handling of talents
	Some more Loyalty effects
	Some interface polish (e.g condense Mount / Dismount into 1 talent)


though you never knew what was so 'noble' and 'civilized' about writhing on the floor, dead